feat(cli): Docker-based dev environment (#2286)
shopware/docs: guides/development/index.md

## Development tooling

> * [Development Environment](./dev-environment.md) — Docker-based environment with an interactive terminal dashboard, log streaming, and runtime configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Development Environment](./dev-environment.md) — Docker-based environment with an interactive terminal user interface (TUI), log streaming, and runtime configuration
```

> * [Development Environment](./dev-environment.md) — Docker-based environment with an interactive terminal user interface (TUI), log streaming, and runtime configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Development Environment](./dev-environment.md) — Docker-based environment with an interactive Terminal User Interface (TUI), log streaming, and runtime configuration
```
